
		Terminal Help

		Multifunctional Inter Computer Data Storage Device
		Unit Model 18
		Dimensions: 90 60 90
		Steel-Case color: Black

	Basic operation on the terminal.

	The terminal allows the user to store and retreive information.
The input consists of a pressplank with 3 presstons and one Hound with a
multipurpose tale rod. By manipulating the tale rod towards the user,
the function of selecting interface items incrementally occurs. 
The reverse of this manipulations concurs in a negative response from 
the user interface. By opening the pressplank hatch and securing the Hound
the user has now access to the step_in(r) function. The step_in(r) 
function is similar to the enter(c) function on MIC processor devices 
provided from other manufacturers. Due to patent issues the user is obliged
to call it "menu mounting". From now on the step_in(r) function will be 
called "menu mounting" for ease. By injecting the hydrogen in tube
number 3 and pushing presston number 2 the menu is mounted. 
Repeat until end of usage.

	Linking the system to an external PCX-compatible device.

	Since the foundation of the Link&Stink technology it is easy for the
end-user to connect external devices to the terminal. If you are sure that
both the terminal and the external device are PCX-compatible (this can be
checked by searching for the Apply-or-Die-Anywhere logo on the footnote of
the device) you can now contact the administrator. If the administrator is
not present in the field of view please contact him by mobmail. If mobmail
is out of reach (anywhere outside Solar 1 and Home) please get yourself to
the Base Mail Officer. To do so please fill out the Personal Questionare 
and Request Form #1 in the Post Office. If there is no Postal services
in your current base location then it really sucks to be you.


More help on:
	Pressplank hatch unlocking
	Hound securing
	Rod cleaning
	Door and Elevator linking
	Base Mail Officer eating habits

- call the direct mobnumber #0700484848 for technical assistant *













*cost of 3 time units of assistance =
50 slavery years on planet Balabama.