		FUTURE AND PRESENT GOALS OF THE ZORTH RACE 1.0


		CHAPTER 14 - Hydromassage  

	The existence of a Zorth single being can be simply divided in three
equally legitimate duties. That is: to gain power, to obey orders of Zorth
and to Hydromassage. Every Zorth child knows the benefits  and pleasures
of the water massage. No Zorth can deny the importancy of this duty. If
necessary all other tasks must be held until the Hydromassage is over.
A Zorth without massage is an unhappy Zorth. An unhappy Zorth is a Zorth
that is not motivated and therefore cannot complete the goals of his
existence. The founding fathers of the Zorth Empire gave Hydromassage the
highest priority of imperial importance. As stated in the first correction
to The Constitution, a Zorth taking a Hydromassage is holy and therefore
cannot be interrupted. Anyone or anything interrupting or sabotaging a Zorth
massage will be tortured and annihilated. First will be cut to pieces, every
day, one body part. After that the convict will have the opportunity to kill
himself with a flat rock (one limb of the convict is left for this purpose).
The importancy of Hydromassage cannot be stressed more. It is necessary and
at the same time blessing, all Zorth hail the day when Hydromassage was
brought to their homes. The birthday of the inventor is Imperial Pleasure Day.
No Zorth kills or conquers that day (except for necessary torturing).

    All can be stated by a single equation: Zorth + Hydromassage = Happy Zorth.
    A happy Zorth has the power and will to conquer.
 "To conquer is to live" (as stated before in chapters 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7).


	Every Zorth enjoys the pleasures of Hydromassage. The water running
through the flighole is one of the most pleasant feelings a being can
have. All Zorth love it, but that is not everything. The Hydromassage
has certain medical benefits. It is proven by research that it has the
following biological effects on the body:

- Increased blood circulation for better homeostasis 
- Decreased muscle tension for better movement 
- Increased nitrogen absorption in the blood stream for better energy 
- Decreased inflammation and muscular toxins for better injury recovery 
- Increased release of endorphins for better feeling of well-being 
- Decreased blood pressure for better circulatory health and stress relief 
- Decreased muscle guarding for better effectiveness of treatments 
- Increased muscular range of motion for better flexibility



		A brief history of the Hydromassage:

	The Hydromassage unit is well known for centuries in the Zorth society.
It comes in a variety of forms and colors. Every galactic system and empire
has different ones. Even on solar systems without water, an interplanetary
irrigiation system was developed to bring the joy of Hydromassage. The cost
of production of such irrigation is equal to two white dwarve stars...
the pleasure of Hydromassage - priceless.

	Depending on galactic situation the Hydromassage can be any sort of
mechanical device providing water, however typically it is a plumbing fixture,
with constant flowing water. The act of massaging under such a fixture is
called showering. Public showers may have separate cubicles, half-open
partitions, or common shower rooms, usually the latter two is
subspecies-segregated, unless, as may be the case in a swimming pool, one is
not supposed to take off one's body armor. The latter also applies for outside
showers, e.g. on a recon base or planets with hostile envioronments.

	A traditional Hydromassage is called a bathtub. This form of massage is
cultivated only on old systems or Zorth oyster-hybrid subspecies. A bathtub
is a plumbing fixture used for the act of water massaging.Traditional
bathtubs are made of acrylic or fibreglass, but alternatives are available
in the form of porcelain-coated steel or increasingly wood. Older Starsystem
8 bathtubs are usually made of galvanized steel or iron. Traditional
Oyster-made bathtubs were usually of a wooden construction which were
unfortunatly highly flamable.

	The issues of depth and intended use are what separates a bathtub
from a hot tube or other recreational Hydromassage facilitie.

	Zorth Troops have been using a built-in back massage system. It is
a highly technologically sofisticated device consisting of a hose and water
container. A back massage is performed with the hose using specialized
high-pressure jets. The addition of ancient mineral salts from the planet
Astor or lavender oil digested from old Kodamas assist in the elimination
of toxins and helps ease sore muscles and joints. Excellent for the relief
of stress and fatigue after a full day of conquering the galaxy.