		FUTURE AND PRESENT GOALS OF THE ZORTH RACE 1.0


		CHAPTER 17 - Stain removal

	Personal Zorth hygiene is one of the most important aspects of
interplanetary conquest. There is no question about. This chapter is
particularly about stain removal. This is one of the 10 most frequent questions
in Zorth Cadet schools. Keeping Zorth body armor clean is tough in the heat of
the battle but nothing brings more fear to the enemy as shiny armor and fresh
clothing. It is important for the enemy to know that the troops they will
encounter are clean and tough. Only a well prepared soldier has time for keeping
his armor without a scratch, that's why the philosphy of Stainless Armor is a
major part of the Zorth Race Goals.

	Through centuries of galactic expansion millions of Zorth generations
have developed a multitude of stain removal techniques. Every world has
different reasons for stains and methods for it's removal. Here are some example
stains and techniques for removal that one should know when out 
in enemy territory:

 Strangler Blood: 
Dab with methylated spirits or alcohol at once, treat the remaining stain 
with soap suds.

 Bird Droppings:
After scraping off, treat with soap suds, if necessary dab stain with methylated
spirits or alcohol.

 Green Acid Blood: 
Soak for a long time in a solution of biological soap powder, then wash in
clean water. If material cannot be washed: treat with rich soap suds, dry
with cloth and a lukewarm iron.

 Yellow Acid Blood: 
After soaking up, treat with a solution of biological soap powder, 
(if colors are not fast, use synthetic soap powder); afterwards treat with
water and finally with methylated spirits or alcohol.

 Strangler Excrements:
Soak in a solution of synthetic soap powder, solid excrements: treat first with
turpentine or alcohol.

 Crabpig Egg: 
After scraping off or soaking up, treat with biological soap powder,
if material is not washable, treat with turpentine or tetrachloride.

 Zorth Spit:
After scraping off, dab stain with methylated spirits or alcohol,
dab washable materials with soap suds. Kick the Zorth that did it in the rear.

 Sniffer Nose Glue: 
Dab with acetone, unless material is acetate wolfram.

 Human Child Flesh:
Dab as soon as possible with milk, then treat with vinegar and water.

 Human Pee-pee:
Wash at once in clean water, colored materials:dab at once with ammonia,
then swill out with clean water.

 Human Lipstick:
Treat materials with fast colors with soap suds, then with clean water,
if colors are not fast, dab with turpentine or alcohol.

 Liquer:
Dab with lukewarm soapsuds or alcohol, then swill out with clean water

 Volkov Male Milk: 
Soak up at once, then treat materials with fast colors with a solution
of biological soap powder, use synthetic soap powder for materials with
non-fast colors.

 Guok Guano :
Treat with ammonia diluted in water. Rub with fresh Kodama for better smell.

 Synthetic Plazma:
Materials with fast colors: rub in soap and a few drops of turpentine,
then swill out with water, non-fast colors dab alternately with petrol
and turpentine.

 Hopper Blood:
Simply dry of in the wind (in the sun too, if colors are fast) until
evaporated.

 Hopper Tar:
Soften affected parts by rubbing in butter or slad oil, then scrape off,
if colours are fast, treat with soap suds; if they are not, treat with
petrol or tetrachloride, then dab with a solution of synthetic soap powder,
finally treat with water.

 Kodama Oil:
Smear in starch and brush of after awhile.

 Zorth Hair Grease:
First press out with a dry cloth, then treat with a cloth dipped in 
turpentine and dry with a lukewarm iron.

 Volcano Magma:
Dab with acetone, unless material is acetate silk.

 Cheap Human Wine:
Sprinkle fresh stain at once with salt; if material is washable, then dab
with soap suds; other material, with methlated spirits or alcohol, rub soap
and borax into old stains, then wash.
