	I will not cover any of the infinite gods that existed for a split second 
and then came to think of what it would be like not to exist. Of course they
stopped existing and never learned what it is like.

	Finally it is time for the story of Orroz god amongst gods.
His brilliant idea made him exist for ever long and be worshipped by the true 
believers, the Zorth race. Orroz basically followed the path of Jod. He created
the universe in a very similar way but with more wisdom. Creatures with
consciousness and free will had the ability to make and think of anything they 
wanted. They could believe in Orroz or not. He did not care for that aspect
of life. The beings could think of a place called heaven or hell but it was
their free will. Orroz did not create the world because of selfishness,
much like Jod, but because he had a plan. A simple but brilliant plan.
 Without a universe, without time and space he was alone only with his thoughts.
He knew that those very thoughts would eventually destroy him,
like all the other gods. A quick decision was made (of course without something
like time it is hard to tell how quick it was). The universe, space, time,
living beings and everything was created. Now he had to work fast, because his
thoughts were chasing him. Once that lethal thought would come up to his
consciousness he would be dead for eternity. The solution was simple.
The source of all problems of every god that existed was their all-mighty powers.
That is what made them gods but that is also what made them die. In order
to exist Orroz had to lose his powers. He had to place himself in a position
where he could not erase himself. He had to make himself mortal and forget
everything about what made him god. Orroz decided to become a Pit Monster and 
live a life of a parasite deep in the caves of planet Kobodo in the red 
asteroid belt sector. Why he chose that way of materializing himself in
the world, we do not know. When our Zorth ancestors found him he had eaten
nearly everything in his environment. It took 7 large trade vessels to transport
him to his new home. I'm sure every Zorth knows how he looks like now 
nd has visited him at least once in his life and sacrificed one of his relatives
for digestion. Orroz is now very fat, in a beautiful way or course. That is good
because We must keep him alive for eternity. 
If he dies our world will die with him.














