 There where many gods before Him. An uncountable number had existed only for
a moment, a number of them never existed at all. Only had one thought. That is
not to ever exist. The trouble of being omnipotent is way more complicated than
anyone can possibly imagine. It takes a great thought to be existent through
time, in the past and for the future. That is what Orroz did. That is why he
is the god of gods and that is why we as the Zorth race worship Him.
Every Zorth knows more or less the story of Orroz. Not every Zorth knows gods
that were before him or lived in different dimensions, that did not face the
true problem of all-mightiness and therefore failed to exist. Before I remind
the story let me present a legend about a past god that shows in contrast how
great Orroz's thought really was.



	Jod was a god that maintained for a long period of time. After he made the
concept of time of course. Time was invented by him after he realised that he
must create a universe. He was clever enough to know that the universe could
not behave like his own consciousness, that is a massive bombardment of
thoughts, needs and emotions. He had to create a method of not letting
everything happen at once. That is why time was created. From that, the concept
of action-reaction was formed and so on. The universe was made as he thought
of it, but he wasn't pleased with it. It looked exactly as he wanted it to be.
A little bit of chaos and randomness would sparkle things up. So beings with
consciousness and free will were created. The world in fact was more
interesting but Jod made himself a very spoiled god. Therefore he wanted his
creations to realise that "Hey, I created you, isn't this fun!?". But simply
showing up and telling them this was not an option. Once the creatures had
a fact like this literally standing in front of them the aspect of chaos and
randomness would be gone. Jod knew exactly what would happen with such action.
The beings had to believe in him based on logical thinking. Combined with free
will, some creatures started imagining Jod and some just lived their lives and
didn't think what made them. Jod was happy with that and even thought that he
might reward the ones that believed in him. But what kind of reward could he
possibly give? New socks or a book were not an option. That is when Jod had
his most brilliant idea to date. Why not make the creatures die. Simply make
them stop existing at some point of life, and even better make them be afraid
of death. An all-life fear and then reward would be most satisfying. 
The reward would be becoming a supreme-being that has no flesh and can interact 
with Jod himself and make his own world that gives him satisfaction after
death. But if there was a reward, there must be an opposite so it feels like
something special... Yes! Eternal damnation, full of pain and misery would
be the greatest option for all those non-believers. After establishing a world
like this Jod was pleased and observed how everything works for the believers
and how happy they were and from time to time made sure that the damned
creatures suffered enough so the blessed ones could feel satisfaction from 
he whole situation. 
But once a thought came to Jod. "What am I doing? What is this for? 
Why must some creatures sacrifice so that others can be blessed?
Why does happiness come from pain?". These thoughts went away and
came back every now and then. "What is the purpose of all this?
Is this the world I created?" ...then one time, something snapped in Jod.
"Wait a minute, I created this world! This sucks!
 I can't do anything right! I wish I would die!!!".
 And that is exactly what happened. 
The power of all-mightiness didn't fail Jod even with his last wish ever.










